# NEO Blockchain Hackthon — Berlin

We designed this competition as a way for the community to get together and try to tackle the development side of NEO's complex ecosystem. We created several hackthons, with difficulty ranging from novice up to advanced. We wish for as many of you to try your hand at this event, we're welcoming people from all areas in the NEO community. Whether you're a seasoned developer, UI/UX designer, or even an avid NEO investor, please join us in this friendly competition. 

The total prize adds up to more than 2000 GAS! 

Click [here][xxxx.xxx.com] to participate （DLT will decide）

## Hackthon Guidelines

Design and develop dApps based on Non-fungible Token Standard,which defines a standard non-fungible token system for the NEO Smart Economy. (Refer to `https://github.com/neo-project/proposals/pull/41/files`)

#### Hackthon Theme

NFT Standard Application

#### Hackthon Spirit

Learn, Think, and Create

#### Hackthon Location

@Noize Fabrik, Berlin, Germany 

#### Hackthon Awards 

- **First Prize** - **600 GAS** (1 team)
- **Second Prize** - **450 GAS** (1 team)
- **Third Prize** - **300 GAS** (3 team)
- **Mystery Prize** (It depends on the submitted work)

#### Hackthon Deadline

6:00 PM, Oct 28th (Local Time)

#### Timeline

- **Sep 20th(Thursday) Online**: Announce Hackthon, encourage participants to start brainstorming, organize teams and coding.

- **Oct 27th(Saturday) Berlin**

  Keynote and Guidance

  - 09:00~10:00 Welcome notes,intro NEO and NEO Hackthon
  - 10:00~10:45 Team building & brainstorming
  - 11:00 Team Idea Announcement
  - 11:30~23:00 Coding 

- **Oct 28th(Sunday) Berlin**

  Presentation and Award

  - 09:00~12:00 Team Presentations
  - 13:00~16:00 Team Presentations (10 mins per team)   
  - 16:00~17:00 Awards Announcement
  - 17:00~18:00 Drinks and Networking 

#### Hackthon Requirements

##### Competition Rules   

1. All code projects should use the [MIT license](https://github.com/neo-ngd/Hackathon/blob/master/LICENSE).
2. Teams can use any platform or programing language to develop the system.
3. There is no maximum or minimum team size.
4. Organizers, judges, or sponsors are not allowed to participate or join a team.
5. All members of the team should be present during the day of the event, `Oct 27th`, as we believe it's integral to community development and working cooperatively. Leaving the venue for a duration to hack elsewhere is also allowed.
6. Teams can of course gain advice and support from organizers, volunteers, sponsors, and others. Judges can help teams with basic questions, but we strongly recommend team should think and solve problems independently.
7. Teams can use an idea they had before the event or adding new features to existing projects. However, we highly encourage innovation.
8. The competing teams are required to complete all the development work within the specified time.
9. We are holding this challenge at a very high regard, thus if there are no teams which have shown exemplary work, then the grand prize may be ommitted and left vacant.
10. Teams can be disqualified from the competition at the organizers' discretion. Reasons might include, but are not limited to, breaking the Competition Rules or other unsportsmanlike behaviour.
11. This is a competition for the community, so please follow the rules and respect competing teams.

##### Forming Teams

It’s highly recommended that challengers can organize a team to participate in this competition. Allowing for delegated work while generating diversified ideas for the final product. If you want to start of join a team, but don't know if you have the ability to finish all aspects alone you can join the NEO discord to coordinate and communicate with others interested.

##### Judging Factors

The score will be judged by:

- **Functionality**: Did your project fulfill all of the criteria show on the table above? How could you try to take what is required and add onto it to make it stand out?
- **Ease to Use**: Is the User-experience welcoming and not awfully complicated to new and concurrent users of the platform? Try to let other test for you to see if the system you built is intuitive.
- **Stability**: Have you tested the reliability and amount of downtime for the site? We are looking for a system that can be consistent and relay information to user without many bugs.
- **Website Performance**: How much resource does the website take to run, short and long term? We encourage developers to optimize the platform in hopes to see a platform that won't hinder the user's inputs and experience as a whole.
- **Interface Design**: Does the design of the platform not only reflect the themes of NEO's ecosystem but also have a look that can differentiate it from the others? Fluid and modern designs could make the website feel more approachable.

> *NGD reserves all the rights for final explanation in this event.*

#### Hints

Listed below is a table of functionality that should be implemented. Each team may add additional monitoring information and abilities.

| Information                                                | Estimated Difficulty | Hint                                                         |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| P2P service status of NEO nodes                            | ★★★★                 | Whether nodes provide JSON-RPC services on port 10331 and 10332 |
| RPC service status of NEO nodes                            | ★★★                  | Whether nodes provide P2P services via TCP/IP (10333), and P2P services via WebSocket (10334). |
| Stability of NEO nodes                                     | ★★★                  | If a node is offline for 10 minutes per day, the stability is `1 - 10/(60*24) = 99.3%` |
| Version information of NEO nodes                           | ★★                   | <http://docs.neo.org/en-us/node/cli/api/getversion.html>     |
| Current block height of NEO nodes                          | ★★                   | <http://docs.neo.org/en-us/node/cli/api/getblockcount.html>  |
| Current connection count of NEO nodes                      | ★★                   | <http://docs.neo.org/en-us/node/cli/api/getpeers.html>       |
| The number of transactions in the memory pool of NEO nodes | ★★                   | <http://docs.neo.org/en-us/node/cli/api/getrawmempool.html>  |
| Latency of NEO nodes                                       | ★★                   | Request delay for a user to a node.                          |
| Opening wallet on NEO nodes                                | ★★                   | Opening a wallet on a node is extremely dangerous and should be monitored |

#### Resources

- For nodes and monitoring example, you can reference:
  `http://monitor.cityofzion.io/` (**Thanks for CoZ's effort to NEO ecosystem**, it's a pretty functional monitor. After this challenge, we hope this monitor won't feel alone^_^)

- For the port information of nodes, you can reference:
  `http://docs.neo.org/en-us/node/introduction.html#port-description`

- For the API of nodes, you can reference:
  `http://docs.neo.org/en-us/node/cli/api.html`

- You can also have a look at the monitoring page for ETH:
  `https://ethstats.net/`

- You can find all the details on the NEP:

  `https://github.com/neo-project/proposals/pull/41/files`
