# NEO Blockchain Hackathon - Rotterdam & Delft

This competition aims to encourage using Go language to write smart contract. Whether you are a seasoned developer, junior coder in tech universities, UI/UX designer, or an avid NEO investor, please join us in this awesome competition.

Want to know more about NEO Blockchain ecosystem updates? Please join our workshop on October 20th or Hackathon Presentations on October 21st by registering [here](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/neo-blockchain-hackathon-rotterdam-delft-tickets-50526211258).

## Hackathon Guidelines

Design and develop dApps with go language.

#### Hackathon Theme

Build dApps of NEO with golang

#### Hackathon Spirit

Learn, Think, and Create

#### Hackathon Awards 

- **First Prize** - **500 NEO** (1 team)
- **Second Prize** - **450 GAS** (1 team)
- **Third Prize** - **300 GAS** (3 teams)
- **Mystery Prize** (It depends on the submitted work)

#### Location

Oct 20th (Saturday) KPN Head Office Rotterdam

Oct 21st (Sunday) Delft University of Technology 

#### Attendees

50-100 people, including developers, business and design professionals

#### Hackathon Deadline

1:00 PM, Oct 21st (Local Time)

#### Schedule

- **Sep 21th (Friday)** Hackathon Online Announcement, encourage participants to start brainstorming, organizing teams and coding. This is the perfect time to join NEO discord and try to build a team to map out for the next few weeks. We hope the time period from Sep 21st to Oct 21th can be used to sketch out the delegation of work and start coming up with ideas and solutions for the Challenge. Do your best to accomplish as much as possible in this period. It should be the main bulk of the hackathon.

- **Oct 20th (Saturday) Rotterdam**
  We'll give a workshop and show how to write smart contract in golang. 11:00AM will be the deadline to finalize teams and team concepts. Once it has passed, new team and change of the team will not be allowed. 

  Workshop and Guidance

  - 09:00 Registration
  - 09:30 Welcome notes, intro NEO Smart Economy
  - 10:00 Workshop & Guidance
  - 11:00 Start sprint
  - 22:00 Report deliverables/ feedback session

- **Oct 21st (Sunday) TUDelft** Deadline is 1:00pm. After submit your works, each team has 10 minutes presentation to show off to the judges and fellow teams about their work. We'll provide you with a projector. Winners will be chosen by the judges and announced when consensus is achieved. 

  Presentation and Award

  -  10:00 Registration & Final sprint
  -  13:00 Team Presentations (10 mins per team)
  -  16:00 Awards Announcement
  -  17:00 Networking and Drinks

#### Organizers

NEO Global Development (NGD), KPN, TUDelft
#### Hackathon Requirements

##### Competition Rules   

1. All code projects should use the [MIT license](https://github.com/neo-ngd/Hackathon/blob/master/LICENSE).
2. Teams can only use golang to write smart contract. Other parts can be implemented by any kind of programing language.
3. There is no maximum or minimum team size.
4. Organizers, judges, or sponsors are not allowed to participate or join a team.
5. All members of the team should be present during the day of the event, `Oct 27th`, as we believe it's integral to community development and working cooperatively. Leaving the venue for a duration to hack elsewhere is also allowed.
6. Teams can of course gain advice and support from organizers, volunteers, sponsors, and others. Judges can help teams with basic questions, but we strongly recommend team should think and solve problems independently.
7. Teams can use an idea they had before the event or adding new features to existing projects. However, we highly encourage innovation.
8. The competing teams are required to complete all the development work within the specified time.
9. We are holding this challenge at a very high regard, thus if there are no teams which have shown exemplary work, then the grand prize may be ommitted and left vacant.
10. Teams can be disqualified from the competition at the organizers' discretion. Reasons might include, but are not limited to, breaking the Competition Rules or other unsportsmanlike behaviour.
11. This is a competition for the community, so please follow the rules and respect competing teams.
12. Team member that already won a Mystery Prize before **cannot join** this hackathon.

##### Forming Teams

It’s highly recommended that challengers can organize a team to participate in this competition. Teams with diverse backgrounds are suggested. If you start off alone and want to join a team, please join [NEO’s discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/umsfhqs) to coordinate and communicate with others interested.

##### Judging Factors

The score will be judged by:

- **Functionality**: Did your project fulfill all of the criteria show on the table above? How could you try to take what is required and add onto it to make it stand out?
- **Ease to Use**: Is the User-experience welcoming and not awfully complicated to new and concurrent users of the platform? Try to let other test for you to see if the system you built is intuitive.
- **Stability**: Have you tested the reliability and amount of downtime for the site? We are looking for a system that can be consistent and relay information to user without many bugs.
- **Website Performance**: How much resource does the website take to run, short and long term? We encourage developers to optimize the platform in hopes to see a platform that won't hinder the user's inputs and experience as a whole.
- **Interface Design**: Does the design of the platform not only reflect the themes of NEO's ecosystem but also have a look that can differentiate it from the others? Fluid and modern designs could make the website feel more approachable.

> *NGD reserves all the rights for final explanation in this event.*



#### Bounty Program

To encourage more people to actively join this Hackathon in Netherlands, especially for college students, thoughts, articles, codes related with following subject can be awarded by this Bounty Program as part of the Hackathon.

- NEP (NEO Enhancement Proposals);
- NEO 3.0;
- GO smart contract ecosystem;
- Community development of NEO in Netherlands;

##### Prize Rules

Awards will be paid out in case of the quality of the submit content. Any participants will be awarded at least 10 GAS, and no ceiling for the award. Furthermore, the remarkable submit contents and codes will have a chance to get mystery prize.

#### Resources
##### How to install Golang and setup a proper dev environment
[Golang installation instructions](https://golang.org/doc/install?download)

##### NEO smart contract framework for Golang
[neo-storm Github repository](https://github.com/CityOfZion/neo-storm)

##### Smart contract examples written in Golang 
[neo-storm smart contract examples](https://github.com/CityOfZion/neo-storm/tree/master/examples)

More resources are coming.
