# NEO Blockchain Hackathon - Rotterdam & Delft

We designed this competition as a way for the community to get together and try to tackle the development side of NEO's complex ecosystem. Whether you are a seasoned developer, junior coders in tech universities, UI/UX designer, or an avid NEO investor, please join us in this friendly competition. 

The total prizes add up to 2000 GAS

Click here to participate. 

*Want to know more about NEO Blockchain ecosystem? Please join our Keynote on October 20th 10am or Hackathon Presentations on October 21st by registering here.*

## Hackathon Guidelines

Design and develop dApps with go language.

#### Hackathon Theme

Build dApps of NEO with golang

#### Hackathon Spirit

Learn, Think, and Create

#### Hackathon Awards 

- **First Prize** - **600 GAS** (1 team)
- **Second Prize** - **450 GAS** (1 team)
- **Third Prize** - **300 GAS** (3 team)
- **Mystery Prize** (It depends on the submitted work)

#### Location

KPN Head Office Rotterdam

Delft University of Technology 

#### Attendees

50-100 people, include. senior and junior developers, business and design professionals

#### Timeline

- **Sep 20th (Thursday)** Online Announce Hackathon, encourage participants to start brainstorming, organize teams and coding.

- **Oct 20th (Saturday) Rotterdam**

  Keynote and Guidance

  - 09:30 Registration
  - 10:00 Workshop
  - 11:00 Team setup, brainstorming
  - 11:30 Team Idea Announcement 
  - 12:00-22:00 Build prototypes

- **Oct 21st (Sunday) TUDelft**

  Presentation and Award

  - 10:00~13:00 Build Prototypes

  - 14:00~16:30 Team Presentations (10 mins per team)  

  - 17:30 Awards Announcement

  - 18:00 Drinks and Networking

  - 19:30 Finish

#### Organizers

NEO Global Development (NGD), TUDelft, KPN

#### Hackathon Requirements

##### Competition Rules   

1. All code projects should use the [MIT license](https://github.com/neo-ngd/Hackathon/blob/master/LICENSE).
2. Teams can use any platform or programing language to develop the system.
3. There is no maximum or minimum team size.
4. Organizers, judges, or sponsors are not allowed to participate or join a team.
5. All members of the team should be present during the day of the event, `Oct 27th`, as we believe it's integral to community development and working cooperatively. Leaving the venue for a duration to hack elsewhere is also allowed.
6. Teams can of course gain advice and support from organizers, volunteers, sponsors, and others. Judges can help teams with basic questions, but we strongly recommend team should think and solve problems independently.
7. Teams can use an idea they had before the event or adding new features to existing projects. However, we highly encourage innovation.
8. The competing teams are required to complete all the development work within the specified time.
9. We are holding this challenge at a very high regard, thus if there are no teams which have shown exemplary work, then the grand prize may be ommitted and left vacant.
10. Teams can be disqualified from the competition at the organizers' discretion. Reasons might include, but are not limited to, breaking the Competition Rules or other unsportsmanlike behaviour.
11. This is a competition for the community, so please follow the rules and respect competing teams.

##### Forming Teams

It’s highly recommended that challengers can organize a team to participate in this competition. Teams with diverse backgrounds are suggested. If you start off alone and want to join a team, please join [NEO’s discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/umsfhqs) to coordinate and communicate with others interested.

##### Judging Factors

The score will be judged by:

- **Functionality**: Did your project fulfill all of the criteria show on the table above? How could you try to take what is required and add onto it to make it stand out?
- **Ease to Use**: Is the User-experience welcoming and not awfully complicated to new and concurrent users of the platform? Try to let other test for you to see if the system you built is intuitive.
- **Stability**: Have you tested the reliability and amount of downtime for the site? We are looking for a system that can be consistent and relay information to user without many bugs.
- **Website Performance**: How much resource does the website take to run, short and long term? We encourage developers to optimize the platform in hopes to see a platform that won't hinder the user's inputs and experience as a whole.
- **Interface Design**: Does the design of the platform not only reflect the themes of NEO's ecosystem but also have a look that can differentiate it from the others? Fluid and modern designs could make the website feel more approachable.

> *NGD reserves all the rights for final explanation in this event.*

#### Hints

Listed below is a table of functionality that should be implemented. Each team may add additional monitoring information and abilities.

| Information                                                | Estimated Difficulty | Hint                                                         |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| P2P service status of NEO nodes                            | ★★★★                 | Whether nodes provide JSON-RPC services on port 10331 and 10332 |
| RPC service status of NEO nodes                            | ★★★                  | Whether nodes provide P2P services via TCP/IP (10333), and P2P services via WebSocket (10334). |
| Stability of NEO nodes                                     | ★★★                  | If a node is offline for 10 minutes per day, the stability is `1 - 10/(60*24) = 99.3%` |
| Version information of NEO nodes                           | ★★                   | <http://docs.neo.org/en-us/node/cli/api/getversion.html>     |
| Current block height of NEO nodes                          | ★★                   | <http://docs.neo.org/en-us/node/cli/api/getblockcount.html>  |
| Current connection count of NEO nodes                      | ★★                   | <http://docs.neo.org/en-us/node/cli/api/getpeers.html>       |
| The number of transactions in the memory pool of NEO nodes | ★★                   | <http://docs.neo.org/en-us/node/cli/api/getrawmempool.html>  |
| Latency of NEO nodes                                       | ★★                   | Request delay for a user to a node.                          |
| Opening wallet on NEO nodes                                | ★★                   | Opening a wallet on a node is extremely dangerous and should be monitored |

##### Competition Rules

1. All code projects should use the [MIT license](https://github.com/neo-ngd/Hackathon/blob/master/LICENSE).
2. The team can develop the system using any platform or programming language.
3. There is no maximum or minimum team size.
4. Organizers, judges, or sponsors are not allowed to join a team.
5. All members of the team should attend the event on October 20th and 21st because we believe it is a necessary condition for community development and cooperation. (Leaving the venue for a while is allowed)
6. Teams can of course are allowed to gain advice and support from organizers, volunteers, sponsors, and others. Judges can help teams with basic questions, but we strongly recommend teams should to think and solve problems independently.
7. Teams can use the ideas they gained before the event or add new features to existing projects. However, we highly encourage innovation.
8. The competing teams must complete all the development work within the specified time.
9. We take this challenge very seriously, so if no team gives a good work produces a good project, the bonus will be reserved for future events.
10. Teams can be disqualified from the competition at the organizers' discretion. Reasons might include, but are not limited to, breaking the Competition Rules or other violations of sportsmanship.
11. This is a competition to enhance our global community, so please follow the rules and respect other competing teams.

*NGD reserves all the rights for final explanation in this event.*

#### Resources

- Developing Smart Contracts using NEO-Python [[Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLPEsst_SVw)]

