# NEO Blockchain Hackathon - Zurich

We designed this competition as a way for the community to get together and try to tackle the development side of NEO's complex ecosystem. Participants will be divided into several small teams. All teams will have 32 hours to innovate, design and develop their projects related to the theme. We wish for as many of you to try your hand at this event, we're welcoming people from all areas in the NEO community. If you're a seasoned developer, UI/UX designer, or even an avid NEO investor, please join us in this friendly competition for a chance to win some NEO or GAS by registering [here](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/neo-blockchain-hackathon-zurich-tickets-50528005625).

### Hackathon Location And Date

Location：Zürich, Switzerland

Date： 2018.11.3 - 2018.11.4

### Co-organizer

Swisscom Blockchain AG

### Hackathon Awards

- First Prize - 500 NEO (1 team)

- Second Prize - 450 GAS (1 team)

- Third Prize - 300 GAS (3 teams)

- Mystery Prize (It depends on the submitted work)

### Hackathon Deadline

6:00 PM, Nov 4th (Local Time)

### Schedule

- November 3rd (Saturday)

  - 8:30     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Sign up
  - 9:00     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Opening ceremony, announce hackathon theme and rules
  - 9:30     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Free Team Up
  - 10:00    &nbsp;Start hacking!
  - 12:30    &nbsp;Lunch

- November 4th (Sunday)

   - 18:00 	 &nbsp;Project Submit Due
   - 18:30   &nbsp;Presentations
   - 21:00   &nbsp;Awards Announcement


### Hackathon Rules
1.	All code projects should use the MIT license.
2.	Teams can use any platform or programing language to develop the system.
3.	There is no maximum or minimum team size.
4.	Organizers, judges, or sponsors are not allowed to participate or join a team.
5.	All members of the team should be present during the day of the event, November 3rd, as we believe it's integral to community development and working cooperatively. Leaving the venue for a duration to hack elsewhere is also allowed.
6.	Teams can of course gain advice and support from organizers, volunteers, sponsors, and others. Judges can help teams with basic questions, but we strongly recommend team should think and solve problems independently.
7.	Teams can use an idea they had before the event or adding new features to existing projects. However, we highly encourage innovation.
8.	The competing teams are required to complete all the development work and submit code within the specified time.
9.	We are holding this challenge at a very high regard, thus if there are no teams which have shown exemplary work, then the grand prize may be omitted and left vacant.
10.	Teams can be disqualified from the competition at the organizers' discretion. Reasons might include, but are not limited to, breaking the Competition Rules or other unsportsmanlike behaviour.
11.	This is a competition for the community, so please follow the rules and respect competing teams.
12. Team member that already won a Mystery Prize before **cannot join** this hackathon.

### Forming Teams

It's highly recommended that challengers can organize a team in advance or on site to participate in this competition. 

### Judging Factors

The score will be judged by:

- Functionality

- Ease to Use

- Stability

- Performance

- Originality

### Bounty Program

To encourage more people to actively join this Hackathon in Switzerland, especially for college students, thoughts, articles, codes related with following subject can be awarded by this Bounty Program as part of the Hackathon.

- [NEP](https://github.com/neo-project/proposals) (NEO Enhancement Proposals);
- [NEO 3.0](https://github.com/neo-project/neo/milestone/1);
- NEO smart contract ecosystem;
- Community development of NEO in Switzerland;

##### Prize Rules

Awards will be paid out in case of the quality of the submit content. Any participants will be awarded at least **10 GAS**, and no ceiling for the award. Furthermore, the remarkable submit contents and codes will also have a chance to get mystery prize.

> *NGD reserves all the rights for final explanation in this event.*

### Resources

- For nodes and monitoring example, you can reference:\
`http://monitor.cityofzion.io/`
(**Thanks for CoZ's effort to NEO ecosystem**, it's a pretty functional monitor. After this challenge, we hope this monitor won't feel alone^_^)
- For the port information of nodes, you can reference:\
`http://docs.neo.org/en-us/node/introduction.html#port-description`
- For the API of nodes, you can reference:\
`http://docs.neo.org/en-us/node/cli/apigen.html`
- For the command line of neo-cli, you can reference:
`http://docs.neo.org/en-us/node/cli/cli.html`
- For smart contracts, you can reference:
`http://docs.neo.org/en-us/sc/introduction.html`

### Hackathon Judges

1. **Kasimir Blaser**

    Senior Consultant at Swisscom Blockchain AG

    He has many years of experience as developer and architect. In the blockchain space he is focusing on public blockchain technologies, smart contract development and testing, Self-Sovereign Identities, auditing protocols and operation of full nodes.

2. **Arno Pernthaler** 

    Leading the Swisscom Blockchain Academy / Senior Consultant for Enterprise Blockchain Advisory

    Prior to joining SCB, he was a Digital Strategy consultant at Monitor Deloitte and blockchain consultant at the Deloitte EMEA Blockchain Center of Excellence in Dublin. Arno has written multiple publications on blockchain and holds a Master's degree in Strategy and Entrepreneurship.
    
3. **Erik Zhang**

    Founder & Core Developer, NEO

    Author of dBFT consensus mechanism, expert on blockchain technology and computer security and a certified information system auditor (CISA).

4. **Fabian Whale** 

    Co-founder of NEX exchange built on the NEO blockchain

    As an early contributor to NEO and co-founder of City of Zion, NEO’s largest international developers’ community, Fabian is a highly valued member in the NEO community. He holds a PhD from ETH Zurich and Master’s degree in Artificial Intelligence from Maastricht University.

5. **Guido Rudolphi**

    Renowned cyber security and cryptography expert

    Guido is Chief Information Security Officer for SEBA Crypto AG which is seeking to obtain a Banking and Securities Dealer licence from the Swiss regulator FINMA. He is a Bitcoin pioneer and was running the biggest mining farm in Switzerland.

6. **Dr. Fabian Schär** 

    Professor for Distributed Ledger Technologies (Blockchain) and Fintech at the University of Basel

    His research focus is on interdisciplinary analyses of Smart Contracts, asset tokenization and Blockchain applications. He has a PhD in Cryptoassets and Blockchain Technology and co-authored several publications including the bestselling book "Bitcoin, Blockchain and Cryptoassets" and several scientific articles.

7. **Dr. Thomas Bocek**

    Professor at the Hochschule für Technik  Rapperswil

    Previously he was the head of P2P and distributed systems at the Communication Systems Group at the University of Zurich. His research focuses on communication systems and networks, especially focusing on peer-to-peer, distributed systems, including Bitcoins and blockchains. He has authored or co-authored more than 100 publications.
    
8. **Peter Lin**

    Director of R&D NEO Global Development (NGD)

    One of the early NEO developers.








